Add Doctor Droid (#2237)
DataDog/integrations-extras: doctordroid/README.md

# Doctor Droid

> ## [](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/doctordroid#overview)Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved

> Doctor Droid is an observability analytics platform. This integration allows Datadog users to analyse their alerts history to decide better thresholds for alerts, identify alerts coverage of their services and helps the user fetch metrics from upstream and downstream services to enrich their alerts for faster diagnosis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doctor Droid is an observability analytics platform. This integration allows Datadog users to analyze their alerts history to decide better thresholds for alerts and identify alerting coverage for their services. Users can also fetch metrics from upstream and downstream services to enrich their alerts for faster diagnosis.
```

Reviewer: Can you also elaborate a bit on what kind of metrics are provided and how they're valuable to users?

> ## [](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/doctordroid#setup)Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved

> ### [](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/doctordroid#installation)Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installation
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved

> Visit [Doctor Droid](https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/)  to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [integrations page](https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/integrations)  and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAUTH2 flow to grant Doctor Droid access to your API Keys to query APM & Infra metrics for you.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Visit [Doctor Droid][1] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [integrations page][2]  and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAUTH2 flow to grant Doctor Droid access to your API Keys to query APM & Infra metrics for you.
```

> Visit [Doctor Droid](https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/)  to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [integrations page](https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/integrations)  and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAUTH2 flow to grant Doctor Droid access to your API Keys to query APM & Infra metrics for you.

Reviewer: Users should kick off authorization from the Datadog integrations page, rather than from Doctor Droid. When they start authorization from within Datadog, their site is returned to you as a query parameter that you can use to construct API calls. Would you be able to update this accordingly?

Reviewer 2: Hi @anawishnoff

The authrozation kicks off from datadog integrations page only. If the user already has an account with dr droid, the flow proceeds to oauth step. If not then user is prompted to first sign up on dr droid platform and then is redirected to datadog auth step.

We are following a strategy similar to the vantage integration. Please let me know if there are any changes needed here.

Reviewer: Hi @droid-mohit , just to be clear, are the following steps correct? 
1. User goes to Dr Droid integration tile in Datadog
2. User goes to Configure tab and clicks "Connect Accounts"
3. User is taken to the Integrations page within Doctor Droid
4. User adds the integration in Doctor Droid and is guided through the OAuth flow

Reviewer 2: Yes, these are the steps followed. The OAuth flow takes places within datadog.

> ### [](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/doctordroid#configuration)Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration
```

> Once integrated, begin exploring your alerts history within Doctor Droid and see trends in them. You can create reports from them and also create playbooks for enriching your alerts data once it is generated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once integrated, begin exploring your alerts history within Doctor Droid to discover trends. You can create reports and playbooks for enriching your alerts data once it is generated. 
```

> ## [](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/doctordroid#uninstallation)Uninstallation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uninstallation
```

To remove the Datadog integration from Doctor Droid, navigate to the [Doctor Droid integrations page](https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/integrations),  and click  **Delete**. Additionally, uninstall this integration from Datadog by clicking the  **Uninstall Integration**  button below. Once you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.

> Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the  [API Keys management page](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=DoctorDroid).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the  [API Keys management page][3].
```

## Support

> Need help? Contact  [Doctor Droid support](mailto:support@drdroid.io).

Reviewer 3: Add links to the bottom and reference the numbered links throughout the docs.

```suggestion
Need help? Contact  [Doctor Droid support](mailto:support@drdroid.io).

[1]: https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/
[2]: https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/integrations
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=DoctorDroid
```

> ## [](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/doctorDroid#support)Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved

# Doctor Droid

## Overview

Doctor Droid is an observability analytics platform that analyzes alerts history and fetches metrics from upstream and downstream services. Use the integration to:
- Decide better thresholds for alerts
- Identify alerting coverage for your services
- Enrich alerts for faster diagnosis

## Setup

### Installation

> Visit [Doctor Droid][1] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [integrations page][2]  and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAUTH2 flow to grant Doctor Droid access to your API Keys to query APM & Infra metrics for you.

Reviewer: Please prompt the user to instead click Install on the Datadog integration tile, then click "Connect Accounts" to kick off the OAuth flow. At that point they will be brought to your onboarding_URL.

> Visit [Doctor Droid][1] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [integrations page][2]  and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAUTH2 flow to grant Doctor Droid access to your API Keys to query APM & Infra metrics for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [Doctor Droid][1] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [integrations page][2]  and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAuth flow to grant Doctor Droid access to query APM and infrastructure metrics from your Datadog account.
```

> Visit [Doctor Droid][1] to sign up for free. Once registered, visit the [integrations page][2]  and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAuth flow to grant Doctor Droid access to query APM and infrastructure metrics from your Datadog account.

Reviewer 3: @anawishnoff is this correct?

```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [Doctor Droid integration tile][5] in Datadog.
1. In the *Configure* tab click **Connect Accounts**. This takes you to the Integrations page within [Doctor Droid][1].
1. In Doctor Droid, navigate to the [integrations page][2] and add the Datadog integration. 
1. Follow the instructions for the Datadog OAuth flow to grant Doctor Droid access to query APM and infrastructure metrics from your Datadog account.
```

### Configuration
After you add the integration, explore your alerts history within Doctor Droid to discover trends. You can create reports and playbooks to enrich your generated alerts data.

## Uninstallation

To remove the Datadog integration from Doctor Droid:
1. Navigate to the [Doctor Droid integrations page][2].
1. Click  **Delete**. 

> 1. Click the  **Uninstall Integration**  button to uninstall this integration from Datadog. 

Reviewer: The user will need to do this step on the Datadog integration tile

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [Datadog integration tiles][4]. Find and select the integration tile for Doctor Droid. 
1. From the Doctor Droid integration tile, click the  **Uninstall Integration**  button to uninstall from Datadog. 
```

After you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.

Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the  [API Keys management page][3].

## Support

Need help? Contact  [Doctor Droid support](mailto:support@drdroid.io).

[1]: https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/
[2]: https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/integrations

> [3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=DoctorDroid

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=DoctorDroid
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations
[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations?integrationId=doctordroid
```

# Doctor Droid

## Overview

> Doctor Droid is an observability analytics platform that analyzes alerts history and fetches metrics from upstream and downstream services. Use the integration to:

Reviewer 4: Could you provide more insight on the value of fetching those metrics? The overview should inform new customers on the below not just existing customers:
1. What does your product do in 1-2 sentences and the value
2. What will customers get from this integration & the value 
3. What type of data will your integration send in and/or pull out?

Reviewer 5: I have updated the description basis your feedback. Do let me know if you think there's any more improvement that can be done here. Thanks!

- Decide better thresholds for alerts
- Identify alerting coverage for your services
- Enrich alerts for faster diagnosis

## Setup

### Installation

> 1. Navigate to the [Doctor Droid integration tile][5] in Datadog.

Reviewer 4: At this point, they are already on the tile so we can remove the first point. The information you include in the files of the PR is what will be on the tile :)

1. In the *Configure* tab click **Connect Accounts**. This takes you to the Integrations page within [Doctor Droid][1].
1. In Doctor Droid, navigate to the [integrations page][2] and add the Datadog integration. 
1. Follow the instructions for the Datadog OAuth flow to grant Doctor Droid access to query APM and infrastructure metrics from your Datadog account.

### Configuration
After you add the integration, explore your alerts history within Doctor Droid to discover trends. You can create reports and playbooks to enrich your generated alerts data.

## Uninstallation

To remove the Datadog integration from Doctor Droid:
1. Navigate to the [Doctor Droid integrations page][2].
1. Click  **Delete**. 
1. Navigate to the [Datadog integrations page][4]. Find and select the integration tile for Doctor Droid. 
1. From the Doctor Droid integration tile, click the  **Uninstall Integration**  button to uninstall from Datadog. 

After you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.

> Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the  [API Keys management page][3].

Reviewer 6: nit extra space:
```suggestion
Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys management page][3].
```

## Support

Need help? Contact  [Doctor Droid support](mailto:support@drdroid.io).

[1]: https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/
[2]: https://alertops-app.drdroid.io/integrations

> [3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=DoctorDroid

Reviewer 6: This should be the app title, so it needs the space:
```suggestion
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=Doctor%20Droid
```
